[C API DOC][DG] C API developer documentation (#13499)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/bindings/c/docs/OpenVINO_Runtime_C_API_Developer_Guide.md

# Developer Guide of OpenVINO C API

> > **NOTE**: This guide provides a instroduction about OpenVINO C API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: This guide provides instruction about how to develop OpenVINO C API.
```

C API provides simplified interface for OpenVINO functionality that allows to:

- handle the input network models & input/output tensors.
- load and configure OpenVINO plugins based on device name.
- perform inference in synchronous and asynchronous modes with arbitrary number of infer requests (the number of infer requests may be limited by target device capabilities).

## Supported OSes

> Currently the OpenVINO C API is supported on Ubuntu* 20.04, Microsoft Windows* 10 and CentOS* 7.3 OSes.

Reviewer: MacOS should also be supported.

Reviewer 2: I don't think that we need to have this guide. Developers can use different OSs

> Supported Python* versions:

Reviewer: C API doesn't depends on python, do we still need list python version information here?

## Roles in development
* Most of APIs should return "ov_status_e" and the actual output will be put in input/output parameters. 
* Some specified APIs will return void or boolean per API's funtionality.
* structure name plus  "_create" suffix, and input/output parameter is "**" format. Such as C++ `ov::Core()` to C `ov_core_create(ov_core_t** core)`.
* Don't support the vector of hidden structure.
* As much as possible to apply pass by value  for input parameter of C APIs.
* Pass by pointer will be used in output parameters
* Snake_case style, strict unfold of C++ class plus this class method (can add additional action word to make its readable),  the first paramter should be the C structure pointer of the coresponding C++ class. Such as `OPENVINO_C_API(ov_status_e)  <class_name>_<method_name>_<additional_info>(<sturcture_object_pointer>, <input/output parameter>,... );`
* Don't support class's  template methods.

> * With same name but different parameters, choose the popular one name first, and others will be add edadditional info to distinguish them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With same name but different parameters, choose the popular one name first, and others will be added additional info to distinguish them.
```

* Function parameter order:  input parameters first and then output parameters.
* All unchanged input arguments shoud add "const" specificator.

> ## Tutorials

Reviewer 2: Here we have a lot of redundant information please clean up this file. Also I propose to rename it to something like `api_details.md`, `architecture.md` or something else

## The mapping relationship between C++ api 2.0 and C api
| C++ API  | C API  |
|:---     |:--- |
| `Core(const std::string& xml_config_file = {})`| `ov_core_create(ov_core_t** core)` or `ov_core_create_with_config(const char* xml_config_file, ov_core_t** core)`|
|`~Core()`| `ov_core_free(ov_core_t* core)`|
|`get_versions(const std::string& device_name)`|`ov_core_get_versions_by_device_name(const ov_core_t* core, const char* device_name, ov_core_version_list_t* versions)`|
|` read_model(const std::string& model_path, const std::string& bin_path = {})`|`ov_core_read_model(const ov_core_t* core, const char* model_path, const char* bin_path, ov_model_t** model)`|
|`compile_model(const std::shared_ptr<const ov::Model>& model, const std::string& device_name, const AnyMap& properties = {})`|`ov_core_compile_model(const ov_core_t* core, const ov_model_t* model, const char* device_name, const ov_properties_t* property, ov_compiled_model_t** compiled_model)`|

> ## Roles in development

Reviewer: Rules in development
